#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Наковырял из разных мест =

>Is it dangerous world?
c("\r\nMay be ;) Viruses make it smaller.\r\n");
c("\r\nYes, it is! :)\r\n");
c("Did you know, that this world is unstable?\r\n Warnings about world collapse can be found in sattelites data :   info ::= ( <game-info> | <start-round-info> | <map-change-info> | <finish-round-info> | <finish-game-info> ) ';'  map-change-info ::= <time-part> '&' <players-part> '&' <changes-part> [ '&' <danger-part>]  danger-part ::= 'd' <sep> <danger-level>\r\n  danger-level ::= <number>\r\n");
c("\r\n Watch out of high danger levels. Keep close to the center.\r\n");
c("\r\n This will help you to be on the guard :" + e("pVcsdEaJPIA63HRjBANY") + ".\r\n");
=======================================================

>iddqd;
c("\r\nOkay, okay! Here it is : " + e("LEI16LPXZ5TUuRmyjp6R") + " \r\n" + "Your sensors will be configured to block the engine, if the territory with high temperature is detected ahead. \r\n" + "This won't help, if you are already on this territory :). \r\n");
=======================================================

>show me the money;
Hey! You like StarCraft. Did you know StarCraft II to be released in the nearest feature?
OK. Use CFGaemIBoHKtwDUGqbSvqMR token to earn additional points, cheater.
=======================================================

I hope, you know, what the Caesar chiper is
 In cryptography, a Caesar cipher, also known as a Caesar's cipher,
the shift cipher, Caesar's code or Caesar shift, is one of the sim-
plest and most widely known encryption techniques. It is a type of 
substitution cipher in which each letter in the plaintext is repla-
ced by a letter some fixed number of positions down the alphabet.  
  For example, with a shift of 3, 'A' would be replaced by 'D', 'B'
would become E, and so on. Password, that Caesar used often was :
'Is it dangerous world?'. The method is named after Julius Caesar,
who used it to communicate with his generals. 
So, if you are reading this, you can simply use this config token : 
CFGctYdyVGQHefGAColeuIq
And DMA token:
DMAcCK@myNAjmbWXowdEZmJ
If this configuration is done, you can send commands.
Format -->    command ::= [ <move-command> ] [ <action-command> ] ';'
              move-command ::= 'l' | 'r' | 'u' | 'd' | 's'
              action-command ::= 'b'
Where
 l, r, u, d - commands to move left, right, up, and down correspondently.
     s      - command to stop an engine.
     b      - command to set up annihilator.
Examples : r; lb; b; sb;
DO NOT TRY IT AT HOME! TRY IT AT THE LAUNCH PHASE!

The more you destroy, the more scores you earn.
For each unique configuration token you'll get 2 points.
Destroy object to get 10 points.
Kill enemy to get 1000 points.
Kill yourself to get -1000 points.
Earn more to win.
=======================================================